[Autogenerated] Okay, Welcome back.
Now let's dive in to S S M documents,
which falls under the shared resource is section in Systems Manager.
Now,
what I have here is an example or a snippet of an
example from a document within a W s.
Now, don't worry.
If you don't understand what this is doing it in the upcoming
clip will actually dive into the console,
start playing around with these documents and then demo
ing how these automation is work.
It's important to understand how these documents work because
everything automation wise within systems manager essentially runs
from an SS M document that tells it what to do.
Now, this is from the AWS creates snapshot document that's provided to us.
And the first thing we see is we have our schema version and our description.
So we're creating an E.
B s volume snapshot and really quickly you'll
notice that this format is in Yamil.
It supports both Jason an animal.
But Yandle is easier to read and it's usually a
preferred format due to the readability.
The next thing we have is our assumed role.
So which I am role Do we want to assume for this task
in order to perform our actions.
So for this one, since we're creating an E.
B s volume snapshot,
we might want to go ahead and assume this role that has
capabilities for performing those snapshot AP I calls.
The next thing we have is we have our parameters so we
can set parameters like Volume I d.
Here.
And then we can reference those parameters later on in our steps so
that we can perform actions using their values.
So in this example, we're providing a volume I D.
And you can see it's required.
And then we have our description and that's optional.
And you can tell it's optional because obviously it says it.
But we provided a default for them so they don't have to fill it out.
Since there's no default in volume, I.
D.
This is a required input.
After we get our parameters all set up, we move on to our main steps.
So these are automation steps that were performing.
You can see we have our name,
which is create snapshot and then we have our a p I action.
You can see it's running.
Execute a W s a P I and with this action, we provide our inputs in our inputs.
Are our service so easy to what AP I are we calling Create
snapshot were referencing that volume I d parameter from
above as well as the description.
So now you can see how our steps tie in with our parameters for use.
And then when it's all said and done,
we have an output section so we can output certain values if we want.
And in this example,
their payload output is selecting the snapshot I devalue that
comes from the result of this snapshot, and it's out putting it to the console.
So now that we've broken down this automation document to give
you a general understanding of how they work,
let's actually start looking at the documents in the
console will make some changes to a couple and then we'll
actually execute them as well. So when you're ready, go ahead and move on and will continue